Who at work/school can you secretly not stand?
Who do you leave on read when they text you?
Love or money?
Have you ever flirted with a boss/teacher?
What’s your guilty pleasure TV show?
If you could slap one person and get away with it, who would it be?
Are you loyal to your friends?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done at a party?
Have you ever soiled yourself in public?
Have you ever tried a crazy diet? Which one?
Who knows your biggest secret?
If you were on a reality show, which one would it be?
What’s the most scandalous secret someone has ever told you?
If someone offered you $10 billion, would you agree to never speak to your family again?
If you were a celebrity impersonator, who would you impersonate?
Have you ever done something petty to get back at someone?
When was the last time you got in a (physical) fight? Did you win?
What’s the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
What is the most embarrassing situation you’ve ever been a part of?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
Have you ever accidentally walked into a wall or building?
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?
Have you ever tasted your sweat?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
Who in this server would be the worst person to date? Why?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
Do you have any silly nicknames?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
How many pancakes have you eaten in a single sitting?
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
How often do you wear the same outfit in a week?
Have you ever used self tanner?
What is your favorite breed of dog?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
What is the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone?
Are you scared of the dark?
What ‘As seen on TV’ product do you secretly want to buy?
Do you still take bubble baths?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is something about you that I don’t know?
What was/is your favorite subject in school? Why?
Do you believe people have a ‘greater purpose’ in life?
How many siblings do you have?
What’s your dream job?
What’s your favorite movie?
Do you collect anything?
Do you think it’s important to volunteer in your free time?
Are you close with your family?
If you could only have one drink (other than water) for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Are you a reader?
Who would you say is your personal hero?
If you won the lottery tomorrow, what would you do with the money?
How many people are in your ‘inner circle’?
How old were you when you realized Santa wasn’t real?
What’s something you enjoyed as a kid that kids today wouldn’t understand?
Favorite social media platform?
Are you an early bird, a night owl, or a permanently exhausted penguin?
Do you have any routines you follow closely?
What is your least favorite food? Why?
Who is the last person you texted?
Read the last text you received out loud, but don’t tell who it’s from.
Are you religious/spiritual? Is there a difference?
What’s the strangest compliment you’ve ever received?
Who’s the most attractive person in the room?
What is the most creative expletive you can think of?
Do you want kids? How many?
What are the last 5 things in your search history?
Who knows you better than anyone else?
Would you lie to get what you want?
Have you ever stolen something?
Are rules made to be followed or broken?
If someone dropped $20 in the street, would you give it back to them or keep it?
Are you trustworthy?
What’s the most awkward job interview you’ve ever had?
Do you drive the speed limit?
Could you outrun the zombies?
Do you think doomsday preppers are crazy?
Is it better to be loved or feared?
If somebody starts a fight, can you finish it?